      _       _                            __        __             
     / \   __| |_   ____ _ _ __   ___ ___  \ \      / /_ _ _ __ ___ 
    / _ \ / _` \ \ / / _` | '_ \ / __/ _ \  \ \ /\ / / _` | '__/ __|
   / ___ \ (_| |\ V / (_| | | | | (_|  __/   \ V  V / (_| | |  \__ \
  /_/   \_\__,_| \_/ \__,_|_| |_|\___\___|    \_/\_/ \__,_|_|  |___/
  Bootleg Edition
  Indev 4

Advance Wars Bootleg Edition is a game based on the Advance wars serie and Custom Wars by JakeSamiRulz.
The project's main goals are: having a working game with a map editor, multiplayer and staying as close as possible to the original game.

== Changelogs
Indev 4
  *Added buildings.
  *Started sorting out and improving the way their are handled.
  *Added, renamed and changed some assets.

Indev 3
  *Added a custom logo on the main menu.
  *Added the bases of the option menu.
  *Added more sea tiles.
  *Added parts of the desert tileset.
  *Improved the main menu, kinda.
  *Changed "assets-desktop" to "datas"
  *Cleaned up some useless code in "GuiButton".
  *Removed the links in the readme's credits section. - They were not working, will be fixed later.
  *Check the commit details for more information.

Indev 2
  *Switched to Java 7
  *Added a "working" GUI system.
  *Added a font and libgdx's freetype library.
  *Added links in the readme's credits section.
  *Check the commit details for more information.

Indev 1
  *Added basic GUIs.
  *And more things, check the commit details for more informations.


==Requirements
  These values aren't totally accurate.
  
  *OS:
    -Windows: XP or newer.
    -Linux & Mac: See Java 7 requirements. 
  *RAM: ~256 Mo
  *Disk space:
    -Sources: ~40 Mo
    -Exported: ~20 Mo
  *Java: JDK 7 or newer.


==Credits
  *JakeSamiRulz - COs and GUI parts
    -Github Profile - "https://github.com/ctomni231"
  
  *AzRaezel - Units Textures
    -SpritersRessource Profile - "http://www.spriters-resource.com/submitter/AzRaezel/"
  
  *Patrick Lauke - Font Creator
    -Fontstruct Profile - "http://fontstruct.com/fontstructors/145/redux"
  
  If I forgot anyone, please send me a message.


==Legal Stuff
  *See the LICENSE file for basic stuff
  *Advance Wars is (c) 1990-2001 Nintendo and (c) 2001 Intelligent Systems. All original materials are copyrighted by their respective owners and no copyright infringement is intended.
  *If I used any material that you created and you don't want it to be used here, just send me a message and I will remove it asap and apologize.